com/vesam/barexamlibrary/databinding/ItemCategoryBinding.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.databinding.ItemCategoryBinding
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/interfaces/OnCreateCameraImageFile.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.interfaces.OnCreateCameraImageFile
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/utils/tools/NetworkTools.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.utils.tools.NetworkTools
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/utils/image/BaseTransformer.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.utils.image.BaseTransformer
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/utils/type_converters/ToStringConverterFactory.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.utils.type_converters.ToStringConverterFactory
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/databinding/FragmentTestBinding.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.databinding.FragmentTestBinding
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/utils/music_manager/Sound.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.utils.music_manager.Sound
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/BuildConfig.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.BuildConfig
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/databinding/FragmentExamBinding.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.databinding.FragmentExamBinding
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/utils/custom_view/progress_bar/CustomProgressBar.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.utils.custom_view.progress_bar.CustomProgressBar
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/databinding/ItemTestBinding.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.databinding.ItemTestBinding
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/utils/image/ZoomOutSlideTransformer.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.utils.image.ZoomOutSlideTransformer
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/databinding/FragmentPaymentBinding.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.databinding.FragmentPaymentBinding
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/databinding/FragmentStartTestBinding.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.databinding.FragmentStartTestBinding
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/databinding/ActivityQuizBinding.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.databinding.ActivityQuizBinding
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/BR.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.BR
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/databinding/ItemSliderBinding.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.databinding.ItemSliderBinding
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/databinding/FragmentCategoryBinding.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.databinding.FragmentCategoryBinding
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/databinding/LayoutExamBinding.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.databinding.LayoutExamBinding
com/vesam/barexamlibrary/databinding/ToastLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.barexamlibrary.databinding.ToastLayoutBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
